Hi I'm Hondapro Jason, welcome to the HondaPro
Show.
watched by over 1.3 million people, and kept
alive because you subscribe.
this week I have Honda news starting in the
U.Ss and going all the way to Japan.
I'm Super Charged about it.
So lets get into it.
The SEMA show in Las vegas is here and gone.
Now the SEMA show is where auto manufacturers
get to show off all of there after market
parts.
and honda had a huge display.
They unavailing the 2014 Civic coupe, showed
off the new rear styling, showed off how the
front and the front grill is going to be totally
different, also there is a hint of what might
be a lae watch camera and what I think might
be push button start.
now they also showed off the Civic Si and
the new Civic si with there Performance upgrades.
well Honda's performance upgrades ended up
being about 4 horsepower and 4 foot pounds
of torque now that's not the whole story.
Hondas big news comes from HPD their unleashing
what they are calling thier Street performance
line.
now they are starting with the CRZ and this
line includes things like lowering kit, bigger
wheels and tires, ground effects, and exhaust
system that comes right out of the center
of the rear bumper. and, a super charger,
wait.. did I just say a super charger? from
the Honda dealership?
yes I did.
which means if you buy a new car you get a
3 year 36 month warranty if you already own
a CRZ no problem, you still get a 1 year 12
moth warranty.
Now not many people own the CRZ that's OK
Honda is going to releasing throughout the
entire line up.
which means the Civic, the Accord, even the
Odyssey and the Pilot might getting Super
chargers, now this is huge news and something
that us tuners and enthusiasts have been waiting
for a very very long time.